---
title: Conversion Settings
description: Shopify Conversion settings
slug: shopify/getting-started/conversion-settings
sidebar:
  order: 3.1
  badge:
    text: New
    variant: note
---

Below you can find a small explanation of each converter setting that you can find in the app

## Theme Name

Pretty self-explanatory, it's actually automatically created based on the Webflow Zip, you can leave it like this

## Author Name

It should be your/your company name. It will be visible in the Shopify customizer global theme settings

## Version
Is the version of the theme it will be visible in the Shopify customizer global theme settings. You should use a Semantic versioning string like 1.0.0

## Documentation URL

Each theme according to shopify should have a guide for the merchant, so this is simply the url to that guide. 

## Support Email
It should be your email, it will be visible in the Shopify customizer and be used by the merchant to ask for infos/support about the theme

## Default Language
This is the language that will be used by the theme by default. To change the checkout language you must change this setting here during conversion

## Additional Files
If you want to add custom code/ snippets/ assets that you can't add in Webflow, you can upload here a zip that respects the shopify default structure. You can download an [example zip here](/data/example-zip.zip). 
Note that if you are using a Mac, you must not zip the files using the default zip utility. Mac zips are full of files that cannot be read by other OS, like .DS_STORE and the folder __MACOSX, so be sure to use a zip utility like 7zip.


## Enable Translations
Texts you create in Webflow will be passed into the native translation function of Shopify, allowing you to translate your theme in multiple languages. However Shopify has limits in terms of how many translation keys you can have, if your site has too many texts and you see the error "Translation missing.." you must disable this feature

## Remove Seo

## Display prices with currencies

## Use Webflow responsive images